c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\registration.exe.config
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\registration.exe
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\registration.pdb
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Alphabet.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\AlphabetGame.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Captions.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationOneStar.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationThreeStars.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationTwoStars.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationWithoutStars.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\EntryWithoutLogin.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\FigureGameRules.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\FiguresGame.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\AlphabetGameRules.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Authorization.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Deleting.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Figures.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Greeting.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Menu.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Numbers.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\NumbersGame.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\NumbersGameRules.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Start.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Alphabet.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\AlphabetGame.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Captions.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationOneStar.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationThreeStars.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationTwoStars.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\CongratulationWithoutStars.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\EntryWithoutLogin.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\FigureGameRules.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\FiguresGame.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\AlphabetGameRules.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Authorization.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Deleting.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Figures.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Greeting.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Menu.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Numbers.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\NumbersGame.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\NumbersGameRules.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Registration.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\Start.baml
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration.g.resources
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration.exe
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration.pdb
c:\users\оля\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\registration\registration\obj\Debug\registration.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
